pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, before:

---
#
# Use the widgets beneath and the content will be
# inserted automagically in the webpage. To make
# this work, you have to use › layout: frontpage
#
layout: frontpage
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_12.jpg
widget1:
  title: "Blog & Portfolio"
  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/blog/'
  image: widget-1-302x182.jpg
  text: 'Every good portfolio website has a blog with fresh news, thoughts and develop&shy;ments of your activities. <em>Feeling Responsive</em> offers you a fully functional blog with an archive page to give readers a quick overview of all your posts.'
widget2:
  title: "Why use this theme?"
  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/info/'
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is heavily customizable.<br/>1. Language-Support :)<br/>2. Optimized for speed and it&#39;s responsive.<br/>3. Built on <a href="http://foundation.zurb.com/">Foundation Framework</a>.<br/>4. Seven different Headers.<br/>5. Customizable navigation, footer,...'
  video: '<a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/images/start-video-feeling-responsive-302x182.jpg" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>'
widget3:
  title: "Download Theme"
  url: 'https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive'
  image: widget-github-303x182.jpg
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is free and licensed under a MIT License. Make it your own and start building. Grab the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/bare-bones-version">Bare-Bones-Version</a> for a fresh start or learn how to use it with the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/gh-pages">education-version</a> with sample posts and images. Then tell me via Twitter <a href="http://twitter.com/phlow">@phlow</a>.'
permalink: /index.html
---

<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3b5zCFSmVvU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>

Commit message:

2015-10-29 // Version 1.9
I needed a call for action button on the frontpage to get your
awareness for the new and fresh Feeling Responsive-Newsletter which
informs you about new features. Now you can use it, too. Just have a
look into pages/pages-root-folder/index.md to delete or use it. Uh,
there were some images missing and the video-template didn’t show up
correct. I use now {{ layout.format }} to inject the class of a layout
in default.html into <body> to make it work.


Former-commit-id: 3f4338ed0c14941478be524f475cfea791fc8822 [formerly f12da3a460cf01e7f76dc7d225ee3596a871cee9]
Former-commit-id: 54c31e40e73f33227274a436cc29e29d28ca261e

pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, after:

---
#
# Use the widgets beneath and the content will be
# inserted automagically in the webpage. To make
# this work, you have to use › layout: frontpage
#
layout: frontpage
header:
  image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_12.jpg
widget1:
  title: "Blog & Portfolio"
  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/blog/'
  image: widget-1-302x182.jpg
  text: 'Every good portfolio website has a blog with fresh news, thoughts and develop&shy;ments of your activities. <em>Feeling Responsive</em> offers you a fully functional blog with an archive page to give readers a quick overview of all your posts.'
widget2:
  title: "Why use this theme?"
  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/info/'
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is heavily customizable.<br/>1. Language-Support :)<br/>2. Optimized for speed and it&#39;s responsive.<br/>3. Built on <a href="http://foundation.zurb.com/">Foundation Framework</a>.<br/>4. Seven different Headers.<br/>5. Customizable navigation, footer,...'
  video: '<a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/images/start-video-feeling-responsive-302x182.jpg" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>'
widget3:
  title: "Download Theme"
  url: 'https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive'
  image: widget-github-303x182.jpg
  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is free and licensed under a MIT License. Make it your own and start building. Grab the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/bare-bones-version">Bare-Bones-Version</a> for a fresh start or learn how to use it with the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/gh-pages">education-version</a> with sample posts and images. Then tell me via Twitter <a href="http://twitter.com/phlow">@phlow</a>.'
#
# Use the call for action to show a button on the frontpage
#
# To make internal links, just use a permalink like this
# url: /getting-started/
#
# To style the button in different colors, use no value
# to use the main color or success, alert or secondary.
# To change colors see sass/_01_settings_colors.scss
#
callforaction:
  url: https://tinyletter.com/feeling-responsive
  text: Inform me about new updates and features ›
  style: alert
permalink: /index.html
---

<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3b5zCFSmVvU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>
