pages/connect.md, before:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Connect with The Carpentries"
permalink: "/connect/"
---

## Social Media

We are on:

- Twitter
  + [The Carpentries](https://twitter.com/thecarpentries)
  + [Software Carpentry](https://twitter.com/swcarpentry)
  + [Data Carpentry](https://twitter.com/datacarpentry)
  + [Library Carpentry](https://twitter.com/LibCarpentry)
  
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/carpentries/)

## Newsletter

We publish a twice monthly [Newsletter]({{ site.url }}{{ site.root }}/newsletter).

## Slack

[Join our Slack organization](https://swc-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/) to connect with The Carpentries community members and staff.

## Blog

We regularly publish blog posts about what's happening in [The Carpentries]({{ site.url }}{{ site.root }}/blog/), [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/blog/), [Data Carpentry](http://datacarpentry.org/blog/) and [Library Carpentry](http://librarycarpentry.github.io/blog/).

## Community Events

Join one of our regular online community events. They are listed on our [Community Calendar]({{ site.url }}{{ site.root }}/community/#community-events).

Commit message:

updated connect page
Former-commit-id: 07509d6f95ef8a3de5e3462c5e547c0d5c22e865 [formerly 7cd7b976f645fd452fef65dd58965380bd2afccc]
Former-commit-id: 8b5791950b2499fa56e6b787d9de827d774ca365

pages/connect.md, after:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Connect with The Carpentries"
permalink: "/connect/"
---

The Carpentries are a global organization with volunteers and learners
all over the world. We share values of inclusivity and a passion for 
sharing knowledge, teaching and learning. 

Connect with us through [social media](#social-media), [online community events](#online-community-events), [Slack](#slack) and [email lists](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/communications/slack-and-email.html). Get updates on activities and hear about opportunities to teach
and learn through our [newsletter](../newsletter/) and [blog](../blog/).

Welcome to our community!

## Social Media

We are on:

- Twitter
  + [The Carpentries](https://twitter.com/thecarpentries)
  + [Software Carpentry](https://twitter.com/swcarpentry)
  + [Data Carpentry](https://twitter.com/datacarpentry)
  
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/carpentries/)

## Slack

[Join our Slack organization](https://swc-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/) to connect with The Carpentries community members and staff.

## Community Events

Join one of our regular online community events. They are listed on our [Community Calendar]({{ site.url }}{{ site.root }}/community/#community-events).
