pages/join.md, before:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Pathways for Engagement"
permalink: /join/
excerpt: Find ways to engage with the global Carpentries Community.
---

There are lots of ways to get involved in our community and many different ways to support the work of the Carpentries. 

### Pathways for Engagement - Institutions

#### Become a Member

Institutions such as universities and research institutes can best support 
The Carpentries by becoming a <a href="../membership/">member organisation</a>. Member organisations make a commitment to the growth and spread of The Carpentries, and receive priority access to [instructor training](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/instructor_training/index.html) as well as guidance with local capacity building within their organisation. 

#### Sponsor CarpentryCon

[CarpentryCon 2018](http://www.carpentrycon.org/), our key community building event this year, will be held in Dublin from 30 May - 1 June, 2018. We are
still seeking sonsorship to make this a truly global and diverse event that both celebrates our global community and helps foster the professional development of the research leaders of the future. Can you help? [Read about what benefits sponsorship will bring.](http://www.carpentrycon.org/#portfolio)

  
<hr>

### Pathways for Engagement - Individuals
  
Individuals have many ways to get involved. See our [community page]({{site.url}}/community/).

#### Share Your Knowledge

- <a href="https://carpentries.typeform.com/to/BK55ld">Blog for us</a> about a workshop, event, or insight.
- Share information <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeiu5NzJsLxYueaQrNn_qKbaa5JR2Sz12CeCRyedKQxwb54Dw/viewform">about your favourite tool</a>.

Commit message:

Add general outline and language for revamped pathways page

pages/join.md, after:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Pathways for Engagement"
permalink: /join/
excerpt: Find ways to engage with the global Carpentries Community.
---

There are lots of ways to get involved in our community and many different ways to support the work of Library Carpentry and The Carpentries.  

#### Attend a workshop  
Browse our upcoming Library Carpentry, Software Carpentry, and/or Data Carpentry workshop lists to see if there is an opportunity near you. Sometimes our workshops appear to be for specific groups but don’t let that stop you. It doesn’t hurt to ask the instructors if there is space available. We sometimes mention upcoming workshops in one of our various communication channels, but if you are interested in attending a workshop in your area and don’t see one, don’t hesitate to reach out to these communication channels to see if there is an opportunity that hasn’t been announced yet.

#### Volunteer to help with a workshop  
Instructors always need help. In our workshops, whenever a participant needs help, they place a red sticky on their laptop. Helpers work with participants with red stickies to work through any challenges or questions they may have. If you are familiar with the lesson material being taught, you can reach out to the instructors to see if you can join the workshop and assist. You don’t have to be familiar with all the lesson material, even just one lesson/tool/approach is fine. To find upcoming workshops being held near you, you can browse the Library Carpentry, Software Carpentry, and Data Carpentry lists. Alternatively, you don’t necessarily need to be familiar with the material and can inquire with the instructors whether you can observe a workshop instead.

#### Host a workshop  
Sometimes the best way to understand what a Library Carpentry workshop is like is to host a workshop yourself. Hosting a workshop allows you to see what it takes to organize a workshop, to see the discussions between instructors to determine the appropriate lesson material for your audience, the steps involved in creating a welcoming environment, and more. You can read more about hosting workshops in The Carpentries Handbook. 

If you are considering hosting a workshop, we will work to keep your costs to a minimum. Instructor travel is likely going to be the biggest cost and it always depends on where instructors will be traveling from. The good news is that our network of instructors is increasing and more instructors from the overall Carpentries will be able to teach Library Carpentry as we integrate our instructor training material. It is important to note that you must have at least one certified volunteer instructor leading your workshop for it to be listed as an official Library Carpentry and Carpentries workshop. Additional costs to consider include the workshop space and catering. Regarding other resources, laptops and/or desktop computers are often needed as well as helpers from your local community that are familiar with the tools and approaches you will cover in your workshop. Some hosts use Eventbrite to minimize costs and ask for registration. More information can be found in the Handbook as well.

#### Apply to be an instructor  
You can apply to be an instructor online via our request instructor training form https://amy.software-carpentry.org/forms/request_training/. While there is no application cost, there can be a queue of other requests and it can take months to be notified of instructor training opportunities. Alternatively, you can become a member and reduce the waiting time, plus, you can train with a cohort at your organization. 

Instructor training involves a series of steps starting with a 2-day training session on Carpentries pedagogy. Typically this is done online, but sometimes it is offered in-person. Once you’ve completed the 2-day training, you will need to submit a change or pull request to a lesson which can range from fixing spelling errors to suggesting an additional step to a lesson. You will also need to attend a discussion session (with instructors that have recently finished teaching a workshop) and provide a 5-minute teaching demo involving one of the Carpentries lesson episodes. Once you have completed the steps and are certified, you can teach all Carpentries lessons including Library Carpentry.

#### Contribute to our lessons  
Anyone can contribute to our lessons and we often receive contributions on a daily basis. Instructors often find bugs or suggest changes following workshops, but we also receive suggestions from the broader community of learners interested in Library Carpentry lessons. All of our lessons are on GitHub and creating an account is required to contribute directly to the lessons. There are two ways to contribute, either via posting or responding to an issue or by submitting a pull request. There is another option, you can contribute by posting a comment or question via one of our communication channels. All feedback is welcome.

#### Become a member  
Libraries are a perfect host for Carpentries activities on campus and can be an invaluable hub for learning data science skills. Departments, labs, and other groups at institutions fall into a cycle of constantly revisiting training programs to keep their communities up-to-date with current software and data approaches. Libraries offer a perpetual home for these activities and can help with coordination and integration of computational training within your organization. A variety of membership opportunities exist which a library can subscribe to and grow Carpentries activities at your organization.

We’ve gathered a number of proposals to help with making the case for membership at your organization and there are a number of stories on our blog that can help as well including:

* Strategic Value
* NESCLiC

#### What’s next?  
Develop lesson, community initiatives, mentor, think strategically about other things we can do together. Blog stories, contribute tools, volunteer in community initiatives, events like carpentry con.

#### Read about others experiences  
We’ve gathered a number of stories from the community so that you can read about others experiences. Before you even consider your next steps, learning about what others have done can help.
