pages/our-stories.md, before:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
permalink: /our-stories/
title: Stories from the Library Carpentry community
excerpt: Stories from individuals and instutions
---

### Institutions  

**University of Oregon Libraries and Oregon State University Libraries Team Up to Teach First Library Carpentry Workshop in Oregon**  
_On March 16 and March 23, the University of Oregon Libraries and Oregon State University Libraries teamed up to teach the first Library Carpentry workshops in the state of Oregon, which were open to all Orbis Cascade Alliance members._  
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/08/20/oregon-libraries-report/)

---------------------------------------

**New England Libraries Team Up to Become Carpentries Members**  
_How can libraries get involved and become Carpentries members? The New England libraries had an innovative approach to this question: work as a team. The New England Software Carpentry Library Consortium, or NESCLiC for short, brought together library staff from seven academic libraries: Yale, Harvard, Tufts, Dartmouth, UMass Amherst, Brown, and Mt. Holyoke._
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/08/13/new-england-libraries-carpentries-consortium/)
  
---------------------------------------

**A Carpentries-Based Approach to Teaching FAIR Data and Software Principles**  
_Recently, I was lucky to participate in an innovative workshop held at Technische Informationsbibliothek (TIB) Hannover from 9 - 13 July, 2018, which paired The Carpentries’ pedagogical style of teaching and lesson material with in-depth background on the FAIR Data Principles. FAIR comprises a set of guiding principles to make data findable, accessible, interoperable and reusable (Wilkinson et al., 2016)._
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/07/24/tib-hannover-fair-report/)
  
---------------------------------------

### Individuals  

**Library Carpentry** by Anton Angelo  
_I had no idea why I was being encouraged to get into librarianship. I was an IT guy working at the University of Otago in Dunedin, with a 10 years of IT training experience, a bit of systems administrations and programming, and facing redundancy. I had been working in the library as the local IT support, and the managers there were all suggesting I should become a librarian. I had all the usual preconceptions of libraries as outdated book museums, but I was (reasonably gently) set right. Libraries are the access point for vast digital collections, with complex and nuanced systems based on all sorts of technologies._
[Read More](http://www.anton.angelo.nz/2018/09/17/library-carpentry/)
  
---------------------------------------

**My Pathway in The Carpentries** by Belinda Weaver  
_What does Carpentries involvement bring to your life? In the first of what we hope will be a series of posts on how people can get (or already have been) involved with the Carpentries, either globally or locally (or both!), Belinda Weaver, the Community and Communications Lead for the Carpentries, explains her own pathway to involvement._
[Read More](https://carpentries.org/blog/2018/09/my-carpentries-pathway/)
  
---------------------------------------

**Helping the Helper - practical advice for Library Carpentry Helpers** by Claire Wallnutt  
_A couple of months ago my line manager asked if I would be interested in helping out at an upcoming workshop our Library was helping to deliver. The workshop was entitled Library Carpentry._
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2017/08/04/helping-the-helper/)
  
---------------------------------------

_Have a story of your own you'd like to share? For indiviuals, [let us know](https://goo.gl/forms/n2jQOlKKVK01y7V92). For institutions, [submit your story](https://goo.gl/forms/xXDUwhq0rPY0jC5r2)._

Commit message:

Add AZ story and format read mores

pages/our-stories.md, after:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
permalink: /our-stories/
title: Stories from the Library Carpentry community
excerpt: Stories from individuals and instutions
---

### Institutions  
  
**University of Oregon Libraries and Oregon State University Libraries Team Up to Teach First Library Carpentry Workshop in Oregon**  
_On March 16 and March 23, the University of Oregon Libraries and Oregon State University Libraries teamed up to teach the first Library Carpentry workshops in the state of Oregon, which were open to all Orbis Cascade Alliance members._  
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/08/20/oregon-libraries-report/)

---------------------------------------

**New England Libraries Team Up to Become Carpentries Members**  
_How can libraries get involved and become Carpentries members? The New England libraries had an innovative approach to this question: work as a team. The New England Software Carpentry Library Consortium, or NESCLiC for short, brought together library staff from seven academic libraries: Yale, Harvard, Tufts, Dartmouth, UMass Amherst, Brown, and Mt. Holyoke._  
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/08/13/new-england-libraries-carpentries-consortium/)
  
---------------------------------------

**Data in the Desert**  
_Back by popular demand, the University of Arizona Libraries held its second Library Carpentry workshop on 6-7 August, 2018. Braving the intense desert heat, learners from the University of Arizona Libraries and Arizona State University Library showed up to learn about research computational tools and best practices in dealing with data._  
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/09/12/data-in-the-desert/)
  
---------------------------------------
**A Carpentries-Based Approach to Teaching FAIR Data and Software Principles**  
_Recently, I was lucky to participate in an innovative workshop held at Technische Informationsbibliothek (TIB) Hannover from 9 - 13 July, 2018, which paired The Carpentries’ pedagogical style of teaching and lesson material with in-depth background on the FAIR Data Principles. FAIR comprises a set of guiding principles to make data findable, accessible, interoperable and reusable (Wilkinson et al., 2016)._  
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/07/24/tib-hannover-fair-report/)
  
---------------------------------------

### Individuals  
  
**Library Carpentry** by Anton Angelo  
_I had no idea why I was being encouraged to get into librarianship. I was an IT guy working at the University of Otago in Dunedin, with a 10 years of IT training experience, a bit of systems administrations and programming, and facing redundancy. I had been working in the library as the local IT support, and the managers there were all suggesting I should become a librarian. I had all the usual preconceptions of libraries as outdated book museums, but I was (reasonably gently) set right. Libraries are the access point for vast digital collections, with complex and nuanced systems based on all sorts of technologies._  
[Read More](http://www.anton.angelo.nz/2018/09/17/library-carpentry/)
  
---------------------------------------

**My Pathway in The Carpentries** by Belinda Weaver  
_What does Carpentries involvement bring to your life? In the first of what we hope will be a series of posts on how people can get (or already have been) involved with the Carpentries, either globally or locally (or both!), Belinda Weaver, the Community and Communications Lead for the Carpentries, explains her own pathway to involvement._  
[Read More](https://carpentries.org/blog/2018/09/my-carpentries-pathway/)
  
---------------------------------------

**Helping the Helper - practical advice for Library Carpentry Helpers** by Claire Wallnutt  
_A couple of months ago my line manager asked if I would be interested in helping out at an upcoming workshop our Library was helping to deliver. The workshop was entitled Library Carpentry._
[Read More](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2017/08/04/helping-the-helper/)
  
---------------------------------------

_Have a story of your own you'd like to share? For indiviuals, [let us know](https://goo.gl/forms/n2jQOlKKVK01y7V92). For institutions, [submit your story](https://goo.gl/forms/xXDUwhq0rPY0jC5r2)._
