pages/workshops.md, before:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Our Workshops"
permalink: /workshops/
---

Library Carpentry develops and teaches interactive, hands-on
workshops for learning core software and data skills of relevance to those in library roles. Our workshops are domain-agnostic though datasets used will be familiar to library staff. 

Library Carpentry workshops are in-person events and are taught by at least one volunteer certified Instructor. Our Instructors are [trained in pedagogy](http://carpentries.github.io/instructor-training/) with a focus on creating a motivating and engaging learning environment. 

Our lesson materials are collaboratively developed by our volunteer community. All of our lessons are open source, and are hosted on 
<a href="https://github.com/librarycarpentry">GitHub</a>. 

To request a workshop at your institution, visit the [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/workshops/request/) workshop request page.

If you're running a workshop, check out our guides for [teaching and hosting](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/hosts_instructors/index.html) a workshop.

Commit message:

Update information to add official vs inspired workshops

pages/workshops.md, after:

---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Our Workshops"
permalink: /workshops/
---

Library Carpentry develops and teaches interactive, hands-on workshops for learning core software and data skills of relevance to those in library roles. Our workshops are domain-agnostic though datasets used will be familiar to library staff. 

Library Carpentry workshops are in-person events and are taught by at least one volunteer certified Instructor. Our Instructors are [trained in pedagogy](http://carpentries.github.io/instructor-training/) with a focus on creating a motivating and engaging learning environment. 

An official Library Carpentry workshop must include our [core lessons](https://librarycarpentry.github.io/test/lessons/). Alternatively, you can consider running a Library Carpentry-inspired workshop. See _[What constitutes a Library Carpentry workshop?](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/08/07/what-is-a-workshop/)_ and _[Seventy-One Workshops... and Counting](https://librarycarpentry.org/blog/2018/08/01/seventy-one-and-counting/)_ for further information.

Our lesson materials are collaboratively developed by our volunteer community. All of our lessons are open source, and are hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/librarycarpentry). 

To request a workshop at your institution, visit the [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/workshops/request/) workshop request page.

If you're running a workshop, check out our guides for [teaching and hosting](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/hosts_instructors/index.html) a workshop.
